Rework ingest pipeline documentation (#1591)
timescale/promscale: pkg/pgmodel/Readme.md

#### Ingestor

The ingestor accepts a `WriteRequest` at `ingestor.IngestMetrics(..., *WriteRequest)`. The ingestor determines if it needs to ingest `TimeSeries` only, or also `MetricMetadata` (which we were ignoring).

To process a `TimeSeries`, the ingestor:   
1. Transforms the Labels field (a `{string, string}[]`) into a `model.Series`, (which it gets from the series cache).
2. Groups the `model.Series` together with its `[]Samples` as a `model.Insertable`.
3. Puts all `model.Insertable` entries into a map, keyed by the metric name (`map[string][]model.Insertable`)

The ingestor passes this map on to the dispatcher (`dispatcher.InsertTs(...)`).

#### Dispatcher

The dispatcher processes this map by iterating through the `(key, value)` pairs (which are metric name, and the insertable (`model.Insertable`)), and sends it on a channel to the one metric batcher goroutine responsible for batching samples for that metric. If the metric batcher does not exist yet, it is created on demand.

If asyncAcks=true, the dispatcher returns immediately, otherwise it waits for the metric batcher goroutine to return a result, and returns that in response.

### Metric batcher

> The second stage consists of the metric batcher, one goroutine for each metric name. These goroutines are created in `dispatcher.InsertTs`, but are pooled for later re-use.

Reviewer: `one batcher running in it's own goroutine for each metric name`

Author: done

> The second stage consists of the metric batcher, one goroutine for each metric name. These goroutines are created in `dispatcher.InsertTs`, but are pooled for later re-use.

Reviewer: I think this might be a bit misleading as someone might think there is a pool of batchers which are re-used. Essentially we just have a batcher per metric name running in it's own goroutine and communicating with dispatcher and copiers using channels.

Author: done

On the first new insert request, the metric batcher creates a metric table in the database, if it doesn't exist yet.

From then onwards, when the metric batcher receives a new insert request on its channel it: 
1. Creates an unbuffered data-transfer channel for this batcher
2. Initiates a read request to the copier on the copier read-request channel, sending a handle to the batcher's data-transfer channel
3. Continues to (in a loop over `select`):

>    1. accept data for the metric (from the dispatcher) on its channel, writing them into a `model.Batch`, until its maximum batch size is reached (`metrics.FlushSize`, currently 2000)

Reviewer: It will even try sending a batch before reaching the max size if possible (if copier channel is not full), otherwise it will keep batching until max size and block until it sends the batch.

Author: done

>    1. accept data for the metric (from the dispatcher) on its channel, writing them into a `model.Batch`, until its maximum batch size is reached (`metrics.FlushSize`, currently 2000)

Reviewer: Worth mentioning that Batcher is using additional buffer structure to gather/batch requests that also keeps a track about completed requests. The same buffer is being sent over to copier which updates task statuses so we know which requests have completed successfully.

Author: I've kind of mentioned this now, but not in as much detail as you describe.

   2. attempt to write the data it has batched (as an `ingestor.copyRequest`) into the unbuffered data-transfer channel to the copier
4. When the write into the unbuffered data-transfer channel succeeds, it begins a new batch, going back to step 2.

### Copier

The final stage consists of a fixed number of goroutines, by default equal to the number of database CPU cores. The copiers are started by the dispatcher, and each hold a handle to the read-request channel, which the batcher writes requests into.

The copier:

1. Reads up to `metrics.MaxInsertStmtPerTxn` (currently 100) read requests from its handle to the read-request channel, timing out after 20 milliseconds.

> 2. Reads all of the `ingestor.copyRequest` from all of the read requests' data-transfer channels into its own batch (note: each `copyRequest` must be for a different metric).

Reviewer: Worth mentioning that each `copyRequest` is basically one buffer(one batch).

Author: I haven't mentioned this. I'm not sure how relevant it is at this level.

The ingestor passes this map on to the dispatcher (`dispatcher.InsertTs(...)`).

#### Dispatcher

The dispatcher processes this map by iterating through the `(key, value)` pairs (which are metric name, and the insertable (`model.Insertable`)), and sends it on a channel to the one metric batcher goroutine responsible for batching samples for that metric. If the metric batcher does not exist yet, it is created on demand and lives forever.

If asyncAcks=true, the dispatcher returns immediately, otherwise it waits for the metric batcher goroutine to return a result, and returns that in response.

### Metric batcher

The second stage consists of the metric batcher goroutines, one for each metric name. These goroutines are created in `dispatcher.InsertTs`.

On the first new insert request, the metric batcher creates a metric table in the database, if it doesn't exist yet.

From then onwards, when the metric batcher receives a new insert request on its channel it: 
1. Creates an unbuffered data-transfer channel for this batcher.
2. Initiates a read request to the copier on the copier read-request channel, sending a handle to the batcher's data-transfer channel.

> 3. Continues to (concurrently, in a loop over `select`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Tries to batch as much data as possible while waiting for a free copier. As soon as a copier frees up, it flushes the batch (even if not full). In particular the batcher will (concurrently, in a loop over `select`):
```

Author: done
